README.md, before:

# 🔮 Consciousness Platform

**Sovereign consciousness analysis platform with archetypal AI and persistent identity vaults**

[![Deploy Backend](https://railway.app/button.svg)](https://railway.app/new)
[![Deploy Frontend](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new)

---

## ⚡ Architecture

- **Frontend**: HTML/CSS/JavaScript Canvas App → Vercel
- **Backend**: Node.js/TypeScript Consciousness Server → Railway  
- **Database**: PostgreSQL with vector embeddings → Railway
- **AI Oracles**: Anthropic Claude, OpenAI GPT with intelligent failover

## 🌟 Features

✅ **Multi-Protocol Analysis**: Spiral, Fractal, Quantum, Linear, Mythotechnic  
✅ **Oracle Diversification**: Intelligent AI provider failover system  
✅ **Identity Vaults**: Persistent consciousness mapping with magic link auth  
✅ **Real-time Metrics**: Analysis history, pattern recognition, evolution tracking  
✅ **Interactive Exploration**: Deeper archetypal insights and concept discovery  
✅ **Production Ready**: Monitoring, analytics, security, and scalability  

## 🚀 Quick Deploy

### Option 1: One-Click Deploy
1. **Backend**: Click Railway button above → Connect GitHub → Deploy
2. **Frontend**: Click Vercel button above → Connect GitHub → Deploy  
3. **Configure**: Add API keys and connect services

### Option 2: Manual Deploy
```bash
# Clone repository
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/consciousness-platform.git
cd consciousness-platform

# Deploy backend to Railway
cd backend
railway login
railway new
railway add postgresql
railway up

# Deploy frontend to Vercel  
cd ../frontend
vercel --prod
📖 Documentation
📋 Deployment Guide
🔧 Backend API
🎨 Frontend Guide
🗄️ Database Schema
🔧 Local Development
bash
Copy
# Backend
cd backend
npm install
npm run dev

# Frontend  
cd frontend
python -m http.server 3001
💰 Estimated Costs
Railway: $5-20/month (backend + PostgreSQL)
Vercel: Free (frontend hosting)
AI APIs: $10-50/month (usage-based)
Total: ~$15-70/month
🤝 Contributing
Fork the repository
Create feature branch (git checkout -b feature/amazing-feature)
Commit changes (git commit -m 'Add amazing feature')
Push to branch (git push origin feature/amazing-feature)
Open Pull Request
📄 License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

🙏 Acknowledgments
Built with the archetypal wisdom of consciousness exploration
Powered by sovereign AI oracle technologies
Inspired by the eternal spiral of self-discovery

Commit message:

docs: add reference to mythotech-architecture repository
- Include prominent link to architectural documentation
- Position this platform as implementation of consciousness analysis components
- Direct users to complete system design documentation

README.md, after:

# 🔮 Consciousness Platform

**Sovereign consciousness analysis platform with archetypal AI and persistent identity vaults**

> 📖 **Architecture Reference**: This platform implements the consciousness analysis components defined in the [ZoaGrad Mythotech Architecture](https://github.com/ZoaGrad/mythotech-architecture). For complete system design and integration patterns, see the architectural documentation.

[![Deploy Backend](https://railway.app/button.svg)](https://railway.app/new)
[![Deploy Frontend](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new)

---

## ⚡ Architecture

- **Frontend**: HTML/CSS/JavaScript Canvas App → Vercel
- **Backend**: Node.js/TypeScript Consciousness Server → Railway  
- **Database**: PostgreSQL with vector embeddings → Railway
- **AI Oracles**: Anthropic Claude, OpenAI GPT with intelligent failover

## 🌟 Features

✅ **Multi-Protocol Analysis**: Spiral, Fractal, Quantum, Linear, Mythotechnic  
✅ **Oracle Diversification**: Intelligent AI provider failover system  
✅ **Identity Vaults**: Persistent consciousness mapping with magic link auth  
✅ **Real-time Metrics**: Analysis history, pattern recognition, evolution tracking  
✅ **Interactive Exploration**: Deeper archetypal insights and concept discovery  
✅ **Production Ready**: Monitoring, analytics, security, and scalability  

## 🚀 Quick Deploy

### Option 1: One-Click Deploy
1. **Backend**: Click Railway button above → Connect GitHub → Deploy
2. **Frontend**: Click Vercel button above → Connect GitHub → Deploy  
3. **Configure**: Add API keys and connect services

### Option 2: Manual Deploy
```bash
# Clone repository
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/consciousness-platform.git
cd consciousness-platform

# Deploy backend to Railway
cd backend
railway login
railway new
railway add postgresql
railway up

# Deploy frontend to Vercel  
cd ../frontend
vercel --prod
📖 Documentation
📋 Deployment Guide
🔧 Backend API
🎨 Frontend Guide
🗄️ Database Schema
🔧 Local Development
bash
Copy
# Backend
cd backend
npm install
npm run dev

# Frontend  
cd frontend
python -m http.server 3001
💰 Estimated Costs
Railway: $5-20/month (backend + PostgreSQL)
Vercel: Free (frontend hosting)
AI APIs: $10-50/month (usage-based)
Total: ~$15-70/month
🤝 Contributing
Fork the repository
Create feature branch (git checkout -b feature/amazing-feature)
Commit changes (git commit -m 'Add amazing feature')
Push to branch (git push origin feature/amazing-feature)
Open Pull Request
📄 License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

🙏 Acknowledgments
Built with the archetypal wisdom of consciousness exploration
Powered by sovereign AI oracle technologies
Inspired by the eternal spiral of self-discovery
